This is a short how to setup a repository.

First choose some directory you want your things in.

1) Config

Generate a directory named conf/
Place a file names "distributions" there.
There add things like:

Origin: Debian
Label: Debian-All
Suite: stable
Codename: woody
Version: 3.0
Architectures: i386 sparc mips
Components: main non-free contrib
Description: Debian woody + woody/non-US + woody/updates
#Update: security woody swoody
#SignWith: yes

or: 

Origin: PCPool
Label: PCPool
Suite: stable
Codename: pcpool
Version: 3.0
Architectures: i386
Components: main non-free contrib bad protected server
Description: PCPool specific (or backported) packages
SignWith: yes

Multiple such entries are seperated with an empty line.
The codename is used to determine the directory to create,
the Update line is described later, when SignWith is there,
it will try to sign it. (It cannot yet be use to tell which
key to use).
The other fields are copies into the appropiate Release files
generated.


2) Add files

To add a .deb manually:

mirrorer -Vb . includedeb pcpool /lhome/aptcache/zoggy_0.91-3_i386.deb

to add a .changes file:

mirrorer -Vb . include pcpool test.changes

Hint: you can add -C component, -A architecture, -S section, -P priority
to give additional hints where it should go. (Note -A will not overwrite
something to go into another architecture, but simply ignore those not
fitting, only "Architecture: all" packages are placed exactly in theese
architecture. (Helps when it is not available for all architectures and
each binary version needs a fitting version of the Arch:all package))

3) to remove files:
	
mirrorer -Vb . remove pcpool zoggy

to only delete in a specific component or architecture:

mirrorer -Vb . -C main -A i386 remove pcpool zoggy

Note: this only removes it out of the database for this distribution.
To delete the physical files, try:

mirrorer -Vb . deleteunrefereced

4) getting informations:
To see in which architectures/components a packages exists and which version it uses.

mirrorer -b . list pcpool zoggy


